Create Issue Templates (#5278)
ECP-WarpX/WarpX: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/installation-issue.md

---
name: Installation issue
about: Report an issue with installing or setting up WarpX
labels: [install]
---

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

_Please remove any sensitive information (e.g., passwords, API keys) from your submission. Thank you for taking the time to report this issue. We will respond as soon as possible._

```

> ---
> name: Installation issue
> about: Cannot install WarpX? Let us know.
> title: ''
> labels: [install, question]
> assignees: ''
> ---

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
name: Installation issue
about: Report an issue with installing or setting up WarpX
labels: [install]
---
```
